friends here.
We're going to do simple practice with your platform on ways Models,
house keys,
Right.
A single bite transcript to clear colonel off any operating system?
Oh,
I can say right.
A black forming new penance.
Crypto clear,
Colonel.
So year.
My intention is I want to write one pie transcript and that by transcript has to run on any
off your operating system on wild running their escape on your in your anyone off.
You're opening system.
It has to clear terminal.
That means first let me weapon my windows already System.
Suppose I'm running in this race?
No clear skin means Suppose if I run here by them.
Skip,
it has to No.
In this way,
it has to clear my tunnel.
Same way.
Suppose,
um,
this is my UNIX are lining system,
right?
If I run your fight unscripted here,
it has toe clear a screen.
It has to do in this way.
So in that way,
anything,
even my script CJ's by default to clear your eternal suppose as off?
No.
Based on our previous concept,
Suppose we don't have any Wouldn't see any common in Piketon directly.
But we know one thing from ways model weekend.
Run any or burning system command,
right?
That's why what I'm doing is I'm writing a simple bite on school,
The least clear screen.
Let's directly you can clear command on your UNIX like systems are in the sea.
Let's come in on your Windows operating system but to provide some idea to use your
different models to work with your different models.
I'm taking this simple example,
right clear screen dot Be white.
See,
I can import.
I can import wears model.
Right?
See you produce UNIX like systems I had to run.
Where's your system?
Seal year common and every day's windows.
I hope.
Run,
See a list comer.
See,
my intention is I want to write one pipe landscape on it has to work with all operating
systems.
Suppose if I take only with our system and then clear right then it will work with only
were UNIX like systems.
Let me run this bite on three.
Our first ofall randomly.
Right now I'm going to run your script.
Fight on three,
then clear screen.
Yes,
it's clearing your screen,
but same skip.
I want to copy.
Do your windows offering system.
There I want to run.
Let me do it.
One thing we am Juliette screen dot Be way.
So here.
I'm going to copy whatever the core you're having here,
let me copy that chord.
So this court I'm copying and I'm going to paste it on your windows,
right?
No,
See,
the let me say we on Let me run it by done on windows,
you know,
bite on his death.
Clear sting.
So you're getting another clear is not recognized on internal or external common because
you are command is for UNIX,
like systems.
Not for the news.
No,
What I would do.
You know what If you're running from windows,
right?
An ignorant See,
listen,
giraffe C l e a r right.
But because of this modification,
you have two different scripts.
So this is where door system see,
Ellis.
But the way the system seal year,
But what I hope,
please.
I hope to run this same skipped on windows as well as your other UNIX like systems so that
it has to work,
then see their first of all,
I am writing Saudi.
I'm writing both the common CIA.
Where's dot system See,
A year or clear and then wears our system CLS.
But I want to run this command.
If it is in expect systems,
I want to run this command.
If it is Windows operating system,
right.
Suppose first I will take CLS,
then second,
I will do it.
Clear.
So you guys,
if you remember,
you can identify your operating system name from this model platform model.
Right?
See,
what I'm doing is if platform doors windows Sorry system.
If it is equals to Windows,
then I'm going to run ways,
door system,
fearless else.
I'm running with your system,
Celia.
I see how it is going to work.
You know,
platform that system is going to do.
You're operating system name on which you are running your python scripts.
Suppose if I run this kept on my windows offering system,
then this value becomes windows.
If it is true,
you know your python.
If condition is Allah,
be,
exclude this line and you know,
in NFL's if if condition is true,
then by default,
else is going to skip same skip.
Just assume that you're going to run on your UNIX like systems.
Whenever.
If you're running this clip on your next like systems this world live is your Lennox,
then this is false,
right?
If it is false,
then if doesn't hollow to exclude this line on If this is false biting fold without
checking any condition else block will excuse.
Right now I'm copying this court.
First of all,
let me run this on your We knows operating system s something.
Yes.
Well,
yes,
yes.
Spelling mistake.
Grace,
It's my back.
Yes way.
Yes.
Diem.
Yeah,
it's got it.
Here,
let me run you a script,
right?
This clearing your screen,
same court,
whatever.
You how here,
That court.
I'm going to copy it and paste it on your UNIX like systems.
Right?
See,
let me weapon before that,
let me nullify your previous data and I'm going toe open your clear screen Skip and I'm
simply copying and paste.
You are score from your Windows operating system.
Now I'm going to run these.
It's clearing,
right Cigarettes.
Be clear.
So here I used the concept off your voice and flat for models along with your if else
concept.
So now this is a platform independent script this cape you can use on any operating system
such that it is going to clear your eternal.
So one skip,
it is going to work with all operating systems.
Right?
So there is the simple script toe Clearly what,
Colonel?
And it is a platform in the peninsula.
So that is important days here.
So anybody for writing by landscape,
right on in your real time.
You have multiple operating systems,
then.
You're right.
You're by towns.
Keep such a way that it has to work with your all operating systems.
Right.
Okay.
Thank you for watching this video.